# network_faults

In this study a series of arbitrary hardware faults on a control system are clustered in order to apply an appropriate control law to counteract the error induced by the fault. The testbed involves an Unmanned Ground Vehicle (UGV), which is tasked with following a path computed using the $A^{*}$ algorithm, a heuristic path planning method \cite{hart_nilsson_raphael_1968}. The system is controlled using Proportional Integral Derivative (PID) control, which is responsible for controlling both linear and angular velocity, $v$ and $\gamma$ respectively. Three scenarios were considered: no fault, left suspension fault, and right suspension fault. To determine the number of present faults in the data set summary statistics of each trial are computed and the number of labels needed for clustering are estimated using heuristics. The statistics are then clustered using spectral clustering, resulting in a labeled data set. In preliminary experiments of the physical system it has been seen that subjecting these two faults causes the UGV to drift towards the direction of the dislocated suspension, however it is difficult to estimate the effect on stability. Therefore in order to model these faults a noise term is added to the dynamic equations for each diagnosed fault. This noise term is computed for every $i^{th}$ fault where $i$ is the number of computed clusters. The function with which to approximate the noise induced by the fault is optimized for each cluster by using nonlinear least squares. Each fault in the system is then simulated for $n=p*k$ time steps where $p$ is the number of points along the path and $k$ is the number of time steps allotted for the UGV to converge to point $p$. The main objective is to minimize the summation of the error induced by each fault between the desired point and the achieved point across all points along the path. In order to achieve this, a genetic algorithm is used to produce the optimal set of PID gain parameters for each clustered fault, thus minimizing the objective. Combining the labeled data set and the optimized set of control laws, a recurrent neural network is used to classify data in real time, allowing the UGV to actively change its control laws to react to new faults. The algorithms are tested using data recorded from the UGV with the aforementioned faults, demonstrating the capabilities of the system.
